== SemExtractor

SemExtractor is made to have in a single place, wrappers for most of the semantic librairies:
- Zemanta
- Semantic Hacker from Textwise
- Yahoo Boss
- OpenCalais

= H2 Please tell me if there are more API's to include!

<em>After using Term Extraction gem, I happened to need the score of the different tags I got from the different APIS + I wanted to use Nokogiri for performance concerns.
I thank alexrabarts, because his work gave me the idea to create my first gem</em>

== Installation

To install (I strongly recommend you use RVM):
gem install sem_extractor


== Usage
Most of the methods below retrieve a hash with 'name' and 'score'

Initialize:
- yahoo = SemExtractor::Yahoo.new(:api_key => your_key, :context => your_text)
- zemanta = SemExtractor::Zemanta.new(:api_key => your_key, :context => your_text)
- sem = SemExtractor::Textwise.new(:api_key => your_key, :context => your_text_or_url)
- calais = SemExtractor::Calais.new(:api_key => CALAIS, :context => REQUEST)

Get info:
- yahoo.terms
- zemanta.terms 
- zemanta.categories
- sem.terms
- sem.categories
- sem.filter  #filters the useful content of a web page, retrieves text
- calais.terms
- calais.categories
- calais.geos

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Todo
I've to create the tests for this gem... :)

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 apneadiving. See LICENSE for details.
